feat(cli): Docker-based dev environment (#2286)
shopware/docs: guides/installation/index.md

When it finishes, users who did not install with Docker will receive guidance to continue.

### Start your development environment

Once the project is created, start the development environment with:

```bash
cd my-shop
shopware-cli project dev
```

> This launches the interactive **DevTUI** dashboard. The dashboard starts your Docker containers, runs the Shopware installer (first time only), and gives you an overview of your environment — Shop URLs, credentials, watchers, logs, and service configuration — all in one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This launches the development terminal user interface (TUI). The dashboard starts your Docker containers, runs the Shopware installer (first time only), and gives you an overview of your environment — Shop URLs, credentials, watchers, logs, and service configuration — all in one place.
```

When it finishes, users who did not install with Docker will receive guidance to continue.

### Start your development environment

Once the project is created, start the development environment with:

```bash
cd my-shop
shopware-cli project dev
```

> This launches the development terminal user interface (TUI). The dashboard starts your Docker containers, runs the Shopware installer (first time only), and gives you an overview of your environment - Shop URLs, credentials, watchers, logs, and service configuration - all in one place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This launches the Development TUI. The dashboard starts your Docker containers, runs the Shopware installer (first time only), and gives you an overview of your environment - Shop URLs, credentials, watchers, logs, and service configuration - all in one place.
```
